British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 2: Work, Study and Digital Life.
Lesson 4: Work, Study and Digital Life: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a listening task about relationships.
Today you will practise language connected to relationships.
Target language: relative clauses.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for work, study and digital life. You will learn useful language connected to relationships and practise relative clauses. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.